Effective leadership is not about making speeches or being liked; leadership is defined by results, not attributes. | Peter Drucker
The best leaders are those most interested in surrounding themselves with assistants and associates smarter than they are. | John C. Maxwell
It is better to lead from behind and to put others in front, especially when you celebrate victory when nice things occur. You take the front line when there is danger. Then people will appreciate your leadership. | Nelson Mandela
Success is stumbling from failure to failure with no loss of enthusiasm. | Winston S. Churchill
The best executive is the one who has sense enough to pick good men to do what he wants done, and the self-restraint enough to keep from meddling with them while they do it. | Theodore Roosevelt
Success is to be measured not so much by the position that one has reached in life as by the obstacles which he has overcome. | Booker T. Washington
Don’t find fault, find a remedy. | Henry Ford
I think it's very important to get more women into computing. My metaphor is: Men are like popcorn. They pop, pop, pop. Women are like fires. They start slow, but then they burn burn burn. | Vinton Cerf
It is better to lead from behind and to put others in front, especially when you celebrate victory when nice things occur. You take the front line when there is danger. Then people will appreciate your leadership. | Nelson Mandela
The only limit to our realization of tomorrow will be our doubts of today. | Franklin D. Roosevelt
Success is not the key to happiness. Happiness is the key to success. If you love what you are doing, you will be successful. | Albert Schweitzer
It's harder to read code than to write it. | Joel Spolsky
I'm not lazy; I'm in energy-saving mode. | Anonymous
A good leader takes a little more than his share of the blame, a little less than his share of the credit. | Arnold H. Glasow
It's not a bug; it's an undocumented feature. | Anonymous
The best programmers are not marginally better than merely good ones. They are an order of magnitude better. | Randall E. Stross
The best teamwork comes from men who are working independently toward one goal in unison. | James Cash Penney
The greatest leader is not necessarily the one who does the greatest things. He is the one that gets the people to do the greatest things. | Ronald Reagan
The best way to predict the future is to invent it. | Alan Kay
Effective leadership is putting first things first. Effective management is discipline, carrying it out. | Stephen Covey
Success is not final, failure is not fatal: It is the courage to continue that counts. | Winston Churchill
There are only two hard things in computer science: cache invalidation and naming things. | Phil Karlton
Good management is the art of making problems so interesting and their solutions so constructive that everyone wants to get to work and deal with them. | Paul Hawken
Management is about arranging and telling. Leadership is about nurturing and enhancing. | Tom Peters
The secret to success is to know something nobody else knows. | Aristotle Onassis
Every great developer you know got there by solving problems they were unqualified to solve until they did it. | Patrick McKenzie
Any fool can write code that a computer can understand. Good programmers write code that humans can understand. | Martin Fowler
The best leaders are those most interested in surrounding themselves with assistants and associates smarter than they are. | John C. Maxwell
The best way to get a project done faster is to start sooner. | Jim Highsmith
Success is not how high you have climbed, but how you make a positive difference to the world. | Roy T. Bennett
Management is doing things right; leadership is doing the right things. | Peter Drucker
Don't be afraid to give up the good to go for the great. | John D. Rockefeller
Don't aim for success if you want it; just do what you love and believe in, and it will come naturally. | David Frost
It's not that I'm so smart, it's just that I stay with problems longer. | Albert Einstein
The only place where success comes before work is in the dictionary. | Vince Lombardi
You can have the best strategy and the best building in the world, but if you don’t have the hearts and minds of the people who work with you, none of it comes to life. | Renee West
The only way to do great work is to love what you do. | Steve Jobs
Success is not the key to happiness. Happiness is the key to success. If you love what you are doing, you will be successful. | Albert Schweitzer
The greatest ability in business is to get along with others and to influence their actions. | John Hancock
Great leaders are willing to sacrifice their own personal interests for the good of the team. | John C. Maxwell
Code is like humor. When you have to explain it, it’s bad. | Cory House
The most efficient way to produce anything is to bring together under one management as many as possible of the activities needed to turn out the product. | Peter Drucker
A good objective of leadership is to help those who are doing poorly to do well and to help those who are doing well to do even better. | Jim Rohn
I cannot give you the formula for success, but I can give you the formula for failure, which is: Try to please everybody. | Herbert Swope
Measuring programming progress by lines of code is like measuring aircraft building progress by weight. | Bill Gates
A true leader has the confidence to stand alone, the courage to make tough decisions, and the compassion to listen to the needs of others. | Douglas MacArthur
The code you write makes you a programmer. The code you delete makes you a good one. | Mario Fusco
The first rule of management is delegation. Don’t try and do everything yourself because you can’t. | Anthea Turner
Success is to be measured not so much by the position that one has reached in life as by the obstacles which he has overcome. | Booker T. Washington
The most important quality in a leader is that of being acknowledged as such. All leaders whose fitness is questioned are clearly lacking in force. | Andre Maurois
The best leaders are those most interested in surrounding themselves with assistants and associates smarter than they are. | John C. Maxwell
A man always has two reasons for doing anything: a good reason and the real reason. | J.P. Morgan
Success usually comes to those who are too busy to be looking for it. | Henry David Thoreau
The function of leadership is to produce more leaders, not more followers. | Ralph Nader
