A bug is an error in a program that makes the whole thing go sideways.  | Grace Hopper
A computer scientist is not necessarily a computer programmer. | Alan Turing
A computer would deserve to be called intelligent if it could deceive a human into believing that it was human. | Alan Turing
A lot of times people don't know what they want until you show it to them. | Steve Wozniak
A smartphone is a computer - it's not built using a computer - the job it does is the job of being a computer. So everything we say about computers, that the software you run should be free - should insist on that - applies to smart phones just the same and likewise to tablets. | Richard Stallman
As soon as we can make a machine that can learn from experience we will not need to teach it physics or chemistry or anything else. It will learn whatever it needs to learn for itself. | John McCarthy
At some stage therefore we should have to expect the machines to take control. | Alan Turing
C++ was not designed for those who fear complexity. It was designed for those who are fascinated by it. | Bjarne Stroustrup
Computer science is not about computers. It is about thinking. | Edsger W. Dijkstra
Computing machinery is unreliable in the sense that there is always a possibility of its going wrong. | Alan Turing
Eighty percent of the code executes twenty percent of the time. And the other twenty percent of the code executes eighty percent of the time. | Edsger W. Dijkstra
Facebook is not your friend, it is a surveillance engine. | Richard Stallman
Free software gives you the freedom to control your computer and the freedom to help others. | Richard Stallman
Free software is a matter of freedom, not price. | Richard Stallman
I think that C++ is a good language for a lot of things, but it's not necessarily the best language for everything. | Bjarne Stroustrup
If we could solve the problem of getting knowledge into our machines we could frankly ignore the problem of getting it out. | John McCarthy
If you want to accomplish something in the world, idealism is not enough — you need to choose a method that works to achieve the goal. | Richard Stallman
Innovation distinguishes between a leader and a follower. | Steve Jobs
Linux is not just an operating system, it's a community. | Linus Torvalds
Making software debugging harder is like slowing down evolution. | Linus Torvalds
Of course it is hard. If it were easy, everybody would do it. It's the challenge of figuring it out that makes it interesting. | Grace Hopper
Perhaps the reason we can't build AI the way nature builds brains is that nature isn't really trying to. | Marvin Minsky
Premature optimization is the root of all evil. | Donald Knuth
Programming is a skill that combines creativity, problem-solving, and the ability to communicate clearly and effectively. | Edsger W. Dijkstra
Proprietary software developers control what users can do, and this is digital oppression. | Richard Stallman
Sharing knowledge is the foundation of progress. | Richard Stallman
Sometimes it is the people no one imagines anything of who do the things no one can imagine. | Alan Turing
Talk is cheap. Show me the code. | Linus Torvalds
The Web as I envisioned it has always been about collaboration. | Tim Berners-Lee
The best way to predict the future is to invent it. | Bill Gates
The biggest risk is not taking any risk. In a world that's changing really quickly, the only strategy that is guaranteed to fail is not taking risks. | Mark Zuckerberg 
The fundamental limitation in dealing with the physical world is that it cannot be put into an interactive computer program. There is always something left out. | Claude Shannon 
The only reason for time zones is for people to have meetings at inconvenient times. | Grace Hopper
The only true wisdom is in knowing you know nothing. | Alan Turing
The power of the Web is in its universality. Access to information, regardless of background or location, is something to be celebrated. | Tim Berners-Lee
The question of whether computers can think is as irrelevant as the question of whether submarines can swim. | Alan Turing
The study of artificial intelligence is highly technical, and requires the use of advanced concepts in computer science, but it also raises philosophical issues about the nature of intelligence and consciousness. | John McCarthy
The ultimate goal of the GNU project is to develop a complete, free software system. | Richard Stallman
There are only two kinds of languages: those people complain about and those nobody uses. | Bjarne Stroustrup
We can only see a short distance ahead, but we can see plenty there. | Alan Turing
We should expect all software development to be understood, controlled, and predictable. | Donald Knuth
