A bug is an error in a program that makes the whole thing go sideways.  | Grace Hopper
A computer scientist is not necessarily a computer programmer. | Alan Turing
A computer would deserve to be called intelligent if it could deceive a human into believing that it was human. | Alan Turing
A good leader takes a little more than his share of the blame, a little less than his share of the credit. | Arnold H. Glasow
A good objective of leadership is to help those who are doing poorly to do well and to help those who are doing well to do even better. | Jim Rohn
A lot of times people don't know what they want until you show it to them. | Steve Wozniak
A man always has two reasons for doing anything: a good reason and the real reason. | J.P. Morgan
A smartphone is a computer - it's not built using a computer - the job it does is the job of being a computer. So everything we say about computers, that the software you run should be free - should insist on that - applies to smart phones just the same and likewise to tablets. | Richard Stallman
A true leader has the confidence to stand alone, the courage to make tough decisions, and the compassion to listen to the needs of others. | Douglas MacArthur
A user interface so attractive it will make you cry, even if it only knows how to print Hello, World. | Bjarne Stroustrup
Always code as if the guy who ends up maintaining your code will be a violent psychopath who knows where you live. | John Woods
An API that isn't comprehensible isn't usable. | James Gosling
Any fool can write code that a computer can understand. Good programmers write code that humans can understand. | Martin Fowler
Any sufficiently advanced technology is indistinguishable from a magic trick. | Arthur C. Clarke
As soon as we can make a machine that can learn from experience we will not need to teach it physics or chemistry or anything else. It will learn whatever it needs to learn for itself. | John McCarthy
At some stage therefore we should have to expect the machines to take control. | Alan Turing
Before software can be reusable, it first has to be usable. | Ralph Johnson
C++ was not designed for those who fear complexity. It was designed for those who are fascinated by it. | Bjarne Stroustrup
Code is like humor. When you have to explain it, it’s bad. | Cory House
Code is poetry. | David Karp
Code without tests is broken by design. | Jacob Kaplan-Moss
Coding is not 'fun,' it's technically and ethically complex. | Anil Dash
Computer science is not about computers. It is about thinking. | Edsger W. Dijkstra
Computers are good at following instructions, but not at reading your mind. | Donald Knuth
Computing machinery is unreliable in the sense that there is always a possibility of its going wrong. | Alan Turing
Controlling complexity is the essence of computer programming. | Brian Kernighan
Don't aim for success if you want it; just do what you love and believe in, and it will come naturally. | David Frost
Don't be afraid to give up the good to go for the great. | John D. Rockefeller
Don't document the problem; fix it. | Atli Björgvin Oddsson
Don't find customers for your products; find products for your customers. | Seth Godin
Don’t find fault, find a remedy. | Henry Ford
Effective leadership is not about making speeches or being liked; leadership is defined by results, not attributes. | Peter Drucker
Effective leadership is putting first things first. Effective management is discipline, carrying it out. | Stephen Covey
Eighty percent of the code executes twenty percent of the time. And the other twenty percent of the code executes eighty percent of the time. | Edsger W. Dijkstra
Eighty percent of the code is there to deal with the other twenty percent. | Yogeshwaran Krishnan
Every great developer you know got there by solving problems they were unqualified to solve until they did it. | Patrick McKenzie
Everyone knows that debugging is twice as hard as writing code. Therefore, if you write code with care, you can quite easily triple your time spent debugging. | Brian Kernighan
Everything is designed. Few things are designed well. | Brian Reed
Facebook is not your friend, it is a surveillance engine. | Richard Stallman
Free software gives you the freedom to control your computer and the freedom to help others. | Richard Stallman
Free software is a matter of freedom, not price. | Richard Stallman
Good management is the art of making problems so interesting and their solutions so constructive that everyone wants to get to work and deal with them. | Paul Hawken
Good software, like wine, takes time. | Joel Spolsky
Great leaders are willing to sacrifice their own personal interests for the good of the team. | John C. Maxwell
I cannot give you the formula for success, but I can give you the formula for failure, which is: Try to please everybody. | Herbert Swope
I think it's very important to get more women into computing. My metaphor is: Men are like popcorn. They pop, pop, pop. Women are like fires. They start slow, but then they burn burn burn. | Vinton Cerf
I think that C++ is a good language for a lot of things, but it's not necessarily the best language for everything. | Bjarne Stroustrup
I'm not a great programmer; I'm just a good programmer with great habits. | Kent Beck
I'm not lazy; I'm in energy-saving mode. | Anonymous
I'm writing a book. I've got the page numbers done. | Steven Wright
If debugging is the process of removing bugs, then programming must be the process of putting them in. | Edsger W. Dijkstra
If debugging is the process of removing software bugs, then programming must be the process of putting them in. | Edsger Dijkstra
If it's a good idea, go ahead and do it. It's much easier to apologize than it is to get permission. | Grace Hopper
If we could solve the problem of getting knowledge into our machines we could frankly ignore the problem of getting it out. | John McCarthy
If you want to accomplish something in the world, idealism is not enough — you need to choose a method that works to achieve the goal. | Richard Stallman
In software development, there's no silver bullet. | Fred Brooks
In software development, there's no substitute for the wisdom of age. | Bill Gates
In software, we rarely have meaningful requirements. Even if we do, the only measure of success that matters is whether our solution solves the customer's shifting idea of what their problem is. | Jeff Atwood
In theory, there are no differences between theory and practice. But in practice, there are. | Jan L. A. de Bakker
In this business, by the time you realize you're in trouble, it's too late to save yourself. Unless you're running scared all the time, you're gone. | Bill Gates
Innovation distinguishes between a leader and a follower. | Steve Jobs
It is better to lead from behind and to put others in front, especially when you celebrate victory when nice things occur. You take the front line when there is danger. Then people will appreciate your leadership. | Nelson Mandela
It's harder to read code than to write it. | Joel Spolsky
It's hardware that makes a machine fast. It's software that makes a fast machine slow. | Craig Bruce
It's not a bug; it's a feature. | Anonymous
It's not a bug; it's an undocumented feature. | Anonymous
It's not that I'm so smart, it's just that I stay with problems longer. | Albert Einstein
Kent Beck once said: 'The best way to get a good answer on the internet is not to ask a question; it's to post the wrong answer.' | Eric Sink
Left to themselves, programs will tend to spread out and become complex. | Mel Coad
Linux is not just an operating system, it's a community. | Linus Torvalds
Make it work, make it right, make it fast. | Kent Beck
Making software debugging harder is like slowing down evolution. | Linus Torvalds
Management is about arranging and telling. Leadership is about nurturing and enhancing. | Tom Peters
Management is doing things right; leadership is doing the right things. | Peter Drucker
Measuring programming progress by lines of code is like measuring aircraft building progress by weight. | Bill Gates
Measuring programming progress by lines of code is like measuring progress on construction by the number of bricks. | Bill Gates
No one in the brief history of computing has ever written a piece of perfect software. It's unlikely that you'll be the first. | Andy Hunt
Of course it is hard. If it were easy, everybody would do it. It's the challenge of figuring it out that makes it interesting. | Grace Hopper
Optimism is the mental attitude of a programmer who mistakenly thinks that this time, the compiler won't find any errors. | Laurence J. Peter
Perfection is achieved, not when there is nothing more to add, but when there is nothing left to take away. | Antoine de Saint-Exupéry
Perhaps the reason we can't build AI the way nature builds brains is that nature isn't really trying to. | Marvin Minsky
Premature optimization is the root of all evil (at least premature optimization by novices). | Donald E. Knuth
Premature optimization is the root of all evil. | Donald Knuth
Programming is a process of turning caffeine into code. | Bobby Lewandowski
Programming is a skill that combines creativity, problem-solving, and the ability to communicate clearly and effectively. | Edsger W. Dijkstra
Programming is like telling a dumb but very strong person what to do. | Eugene W. Chisnell
Programming is not about typing; it's about thinking. | Rich Hickey
Programming is the art of telling another human what one wants the computer to do. | Donald Knuth
Programming isn't about what you know; it's about what you can figure out. | Chris Pine
Programs must be written for people to read, and only incidentally for machines to execute. | Harold Abelson
Proprietary software developers control what users can do, and this is digital oppression. | Richard Stallman
Real programmers can write code that compiles on the first try, if they have access to a source code repository. | Unknown
Sharing knowledge is the foundation of progress. | Richard Stallman
Simplicity is the soul of efficiency. | Austin Freeman
Software is a great combination of artistry and engineering. | Bill Gates
Software is eating the world. | Marc Andreessen
Software is like entropy: it inevitably increases over time. | Norman Shapiro
Software, in essence, is the magic spell that a computer follows to complete a task. | Chris Thompson
Sometimes it is the people no one imagines anything of who do the things no one can imagine. | Alan Turing
Sometimes the best way to solve a problem is to pretend there isn't one. | Heyo
Success is not final, failure is not fatal: It is the courage to continue that counts. | Winston Churchill
Success is not how high you have climbed, but how you make a positive difference to the world. | Roy T. Bennett
Success is not the key to happiness. Happiness is the key to success. If you love what you are doing, you will be successful. | Albert Schweitzer
Success is stumbling from failure to failure with no loss of enthusiasm. | Winston S. Churchill
Success is to be measured not so much by the position that one has reached in life as by the obstacles which he has overcome. | Booker T. Washington
Success usually comes to those who are too busy to be looking for it. | Henry David Thoreau
Talk is cheap. Show me the code. | Linus Torvalds
Technology empowers people to do what they want to do. It lets people be creative. It lets people be productive. It lets people learn things they didn't think they could learn before, and so, in a sense, it is all about potential. | Steve Ballmer
Technology is best when it brings people together. | Matt Mullenweg
Testing leads to failure, and failure leads to understanding. | Burt Rutan
The Web as I envisioned it has always been about collaboration. | Tim Berners-Lee
The best code is no code. | Jeff Atwood
The best error message is the one that never shows up. | Thomas Fuchs
The best executive is the one who has sense enough to pick good men to do what he wants done, and the self-restraint enough to keep from meddling with them while they do it. | Theodore Roosevelt
The best leaders are those most interested in surrounding themselves with assistants and associates smarter than they are. | John C. Maxwell
The best programmers are not marginally better than merely good ones. They are an order of magnitude better. | Randall E. Stross
The best programmers are not marginally better than merely good ones. They are an order-of-magnitude better, measured by whatever standard: conceptual creativity, speed, ingenuity of design, or problem-solving ability. | Randall E. Stross
The best software developers are creative problem solvers. | Bill Gates
The best software is the one that is most closely aligned to your needs. | Bill Gates
The best teamwork comes from men who are working independently toward one goal in unison. | James Cash Penney
The best thing about a boolean is even if you are wrong, you are only off by a bit. | Anonymous
The best thing about a boolean is even if you're wrong, you're only off by a bit. | Unknown
The best way to get a project done faster is to start sooner. | Jim Highsmith
The best way to get a project finished on time is to start a year before anyone else knows you're doing it. | Anonymous
The best way to predict the future is to invent it. | Alan Kay
The best way to predict the future is to invent it. | Bill Gates
The biggest risk is not taking any risk. In a world that's changing really quickly, the only strategy that is guaranteed to fail is not taking risks. | Mark Zuckerberg 
The code you write makes you a programmer. The code you delete makes you a good one. | Mario Fusco
The computer was born to solve problems that did not exist before. | Bill Gates
The difference between a successful person and others is not a lack of strength, not a lack of knowledge, but rather a lack in will. | Vince Lombardi
The first rule of management is delegation. Don’t try and do everything yourself because you can’t. | Anthea Turner
The function of good code is to do what it’s supposed to do. The function of good documentation is to explain what you did and why you did it. | Chris Landers
The function of good software is to make the complex appear to be simple. | Grady Booch
The function of leadership is to produce more leaders, not more followers. | Ralph Nader
The fundamental limitation in dealing with the physical world is that it cannot be put into an interactive computer program. There is always something left out. | Claude Shannon 
The future is here. It's just not evenly distributed yet. | William Gibson
The greatest ability in business is to get along with others and to influence their actions. | John Hancock
The greatest leader is not necessarily the one who does the greatest things. He is the one that gets the people to do the greatest things. | Ronald Reagan
The hardest part of design... is keeping features out. | Donald Norman
The more you know about a user, the less you need to test. | Edward Yourdon
The most disastrous thing that you can ever learn is your first programming language. | Alan Kay
The most effective debugging tool is still careful thought. | Warren Buffett
The most efficient way to produce anything is to bring together under one management as many as possible of the activities needed to turn out the product. | Peter Drucker
The most important property of a program is that it works. | Edsger W. Dijkstra
The most important property of a program is whether it accomplishes the intention of its user. | C.A.R. Hoare
The most important quality in a leader is that of being acknowledged as such. All leaders whose fitness is questioned are clearly lacking in force. | Andre Maurois
The next best thing to being clever is being able to explain it simply. | Mary Ellen Mastrorilli
The only limit to our realization of tomorrow will be our doubts of today. | Franklin D. Roosevelt
The only place where success comes before work is in the dictionary. | Vince Lombardi
The only reason for time zones is for people to have meetings at inconvenient times. | Grace Hopper
The only thing you can be sure of in this life is that you are going to be wrong. | William Kent
The only true wisdom is in knowing you know nothing. | Alan Turing
The only truly efficient program is the one that doesn't have to be written. | Brian Kernighan
The only way to do great work is to love what you do. | Steve Jobs
The only way to go fast is to go well. | Robert C. Martin
The power of the Web is in its universality. Access to information, regardless of background or location, is something to be celebrated. | Tim Berners-Lee
The programmer, like the poet, works only slightly removed from pure thought-stuff. He builds his castles in the air, from air, creating by exertion of the imagination. | Frederick P. Brooks Jr.
The question of whether computers can think is as irrelevant as the question of whether submarines can swim. | Alan Turing
The secret to success is to know something nobody else knows. | Aristotle Onassis
The study of artificial intelligence is highly technical, and requires the use of advanced concepts in computer science, but it also raises philosophical issues about the nature of intelligence and consciousness. | John McCarthy
The trouble with programmers is that you can never tell what a programmer is doing until it's too late. | Seymour Cray
The ultimate goal of the GNU project is to develop a complete, free software system. | Richard Stallman
There are 10 types of people in the world: Those who understand binary, and those who don't. | Unknown
There are only two hard things in computer science: cache invalidation and naming things. | Phil Karlton
There are only two kinds of languages: those people complain about and those nobody uses. | Bjarne Stroustrup
There are two ways to write error-free code: Use a language that has no goto statements. Be very, very careful. | Brian Kernighan
There are two ways to write error-free programs; only the third one works. | Alan J. Perlis
There’s no such thing as an object-oriented toaster. At least, not yet. | Grady Booch
To iterate is human, to recurse divine. | L. Peter Deutsch
We can only see a short distance ahead, but we can see plenty there. | Alan Turing
We can safely predict that future languages will be more concise, less ambiguous, and more powerful. | Marvin Minsky
We have to stop optimizing for programmers and start optimizing for users. | Jeff Atwood
We should expect all software development to be understood, controlled, and predictable. | Donald Knuth
When debugging, the first 90% of the effort is locating the bug and the other 10% is fixing it. | Thomas C. Ogilvie
Without requirements clarification, a programmer is like a painter without a brush. | Edward Yourdon
Writing clean code takes time and effort, but sloppy code takes forever to maintain. | Robert C. Martin
You affect the world by what you browse. | Tim Berners-Lee
You can have the best strategy and the best building in the world, but if you don’t have the hearts and minds of the people who work with you, none of it comes to life. | Renee West
You can't just ask customers what they want and then try to give that to them. By the time you get it built, they'll want something new. | Steve Jobs
You can't trust code that you did not totally create yourself. | Ken Thompson
You don't have to be a genius or a visionary or even a college graduate to be successful. You just need a framework and a dream. | Michael Dell
Your most unhappy customers are your greatest source of learning. | Bill Gates
